# swagger-client

FSS Financial Services
- API version: 1.0.1

This service allows to submit payments, purchases and sales Items to SBBs financial system FSS based on SAP Hybris Billing. Depending on the agreed functionalities the Items can be priced, validated, enriched, posted in the subledger and reported. For more information please check the FSS website or contact the team.

  For more information, please visit [https://confluence.sbb.ch/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=850440892](https://confluence.sbb.ch/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=850440892)

*Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)*

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle/SBT

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
  <artifactId>swagger-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "io.swagger" % "swagger-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Getting Started

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AftersalesDocumentApi* | **v1AfterSalesDocumentsPost** | **POST** /v1/AfterSalesDocuments | The service submits aftersales Documents (refund, cancelation) to SBBs financial System FSS based on SAP Brim.
*PaymentDocumentApi* | **v1PaymentDocumentsPost** | **POST** /v1/PaymentDocuments | The service submits payments Documents to SBBs financial System FSS based on SAP Brim.
*SalesDocumentApi* | **v1SalesDocumentsPost** | **POST** /v1/SalesDocuments | The service submits sales Documents to SBBs financial System FSS based on SAP Brim.


## Documentation for Models

 - [AfterSalesDocument](AfterSalesDocument.md)
 - [AfterSalesDocuments](AfterSalesDocuments.md)
 - [AftersalesItem](AftersalesItem.md)
 - [CommissionRule](CommissionRule.md)
 - [CouponReference](CouponReference.md)
 - [OnlineReference](OnlineReference.md)
 - [PaymentDocument](PaymentDocument.md)
 - [PaymentDocuments](PaymentDocuments.md)
 - [PaymentItem](PaymentItem.md)
 - [Price](Price.md)
 - [SalesDocument](SalesDocument.md)
 - [SalesDocuments](SalesDocuments.md)
 - [SalesItem](SalesItem.md)
 - [SalesPoint](SalesPoint.md)
 - [TechnicalInformation](TechnicalInformation.md)
 - [TerminalReference](TerminalReference.md)
 - [TransactionTime](TransactionTime.md)
 - [Vat](Vat.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author

dl_fss_all@sbb.ch
